Added a new page for language mismatch error troubleshooting (#2493)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/Deployments/Language-Mismatch/index.md

If the below conditions are met on the "source" environment, you will be presented with the 'Languages in source and destination site do not match.' error on the newly created instance:

1. You have at least two languages set in the backoffice

2. You defined some dictionary items and filled out the translations

3. You removed one of the languages via the Settings dashboard after defining the dictionary items

The first scenario (*Scenario 1*) is when you add a new environment to your project (in most cases it would be the Development environment, though it could happen with Staging as well).

The second scenario (*Scenario 2*) is when you create a new project from a baseline, where the baseline would be your project with dictionary items.

## Fixing

Thankfully, this issue is relatively easy to fix - and there are 2 ways to get this error resolved.

(*Method 1*) - prevention is better than the cure! If you resave all your dictionary items on the source environment after deleting the backoffice language(s), the newly created Development environment/child project should have no issues whatsoever.

> (*Method 2*)  - if you have already created the new instance and do not wish to re-create it, you could instead navigate to site/wwwroot/data/revision folder via [KUDU tools](../../../Set-up/Power-Tools/index), find the dictionary items, and edit the UDA files directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Method 2*  - if you have already created the new instance and do not wish to re-create it, you could instead follow this flow: Navigate to `site/wwwroot/data/revision` folder via [KUDU tools](../../../Set-up/Power-Tools/index), find the dictionary items, and then edit the UDA files directly.
```

---
versionFrom: 7.0.0
---

> # Troubleshooting languages mismatch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Troubleshooting language mismatches
```

> If you are using dictionary items on a multi-lingual setup, you might see this error happen in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using dictionary items on a multi-lingual setup, you might see errors related to mismatches between languages.
```

## Cause

> This error most often occurs when the default Umbraco language (English-US) is deleted from the backoffice. When creating a new site, or a new environment on a project, said project will always have the default English language added - which could cause your environments to become out of sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error most often occurs when the default Umbraco language (English-US) is deleted from the backoffice. When creating a new site, or a new environment on a project, said instance will always have the default English-US language added, which could cause your environments to become out of sync.
```

## Identify the issue

The issue will show up as an extraction error on your Umbraco Cloud environment with a red indicator.

![Extraction error](images/error.png)

> Upon closer inspection, a more detailed error will reveal itself: 'Languages in source and destination site do not match.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon closer inspection, a more detailed error will reveal itself: `Languages in source and destination site do not match.`
```

![Languages do not match](images/detailed-error.png)

This error can occur in two scenarios, and is caused by deleting the default 'English (United States)' backoffice language, while having **dictionary items** present on your project.

If the below conditions are met, you will be presented with the 'Languages in source and destination site do not match.' error:

1. You have at least two languages set in the backoffice

2. The default English-US language is not present amongst your languages

> 3. Your document types are set to "Vary by language"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Your Document Types are set to "Vary by language"
```
